>> Burke Holland: I wanna talk about
some terminology before we get started,
because I'm gonna throw around
a lot of terminology today, and
it can be a little confusing.
So let's just start with
the parts of the editor.
On the left hand side here we have
something called the activity bar.
The activity bar opens the side bar.
This is called the side bar.
And these different buttons here,
put different things in the sidebar.
The four main ones are the file explorer,
the search,
the source control, the debug,
there's five and the extensions.
Down here below that any
extensions that you install
That have activity bar buttons
will be installed here.
So sometimes when you install
an extension like Docker,
it puts a whole Docker view
over here on the side.
So we have the activity bar and
we've got the sidebar.
Up at the top here we have the tabs and
the editor space.
So this is the main editor space or
where you write your code.
And then down here at the bottom.
This is called the status bar.
And you can click on these
items down here, and
some of them have different menus and will
pop those menus up when you click on them.
The last thing you need to know is that
we have an item, called the panel.
And the panel is this thing right here
that is at the bottom that contains
problems, output, debug console,
but most importantly, the terminal.
So our essential keyboard shortcuts for
working inside of this space are command
or Ctrl+B, to expand and collapse
the sidebar which you're gonna do a lot.
Another one is the command palette
which is Command or Control Shift P,
and that opens this thing right here.
Another one is the file switcher,
which is just command P,
which allows you to switch between files.
And then another one is the terminal or
the panel if you want to show the terminal
it's control, On both machines back
tick will show and hide the terminal.
You can also use command J which shows and
hides the bottom but, if
you wanna get directly to the terminal you
wanna use the back tick control Bactec.
So those are the main VS code,
keyboard shortcuts that you need to know.
And I'm gonna go ahead and
open our first exercise here.
Let's let's go to exercise one.
Actually, let's open you know when I'm
gonna open the whole thing in insiders.
So Insiders, just like regular VS Code,
has a path command that you can put in,
and that will open us up here.